Fix release notes links (#843)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/release-notes/ref-release-notes-new-features.adoc

[id="feature-rhidp-3621"]
== `PersistentVolumeClaims` support is available

> With this update, `PersistentVolumeClaims` `(PVC)` support is available.

Reviewer: release notes are generated using JIRA as the single source of truth. Please apply your changes in https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHIDP-3621 then run this script:

https://github.com/redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh/blob/release-1.4/modules/release-notes/single-source-release-notes.py

Author: > Also why remove the link to more information?

To answer this question, the link points to [upstream docs](https://github.com/redhat-developer/rhdh-operator/blob/main/docs/configuration.md#persistentvolumeclaims), which I believe is not supposed to be the case.

[id="feature-rhidp-3817"]
== Added Configuration Profiles

> With this update, there are additional configuration profiles.

Reviewer: why remove link to more information? cc: @rm3l 

release notes are generated using JIRA as the single source of truth. Please apply your changes in https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHIDP-3817 then run this script:

https://github.com/redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh/blob/release-1.4/modules/release-notes/single-source-release-notes.py

Author: > why remove link to more information? cc: @rm3l
> 
> release notes are generated using JIRA as the single source of truth. Please apply your changes in https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHIDP-3817 then run this script:
> 
> https://github.com/redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh/blob/release-1.4/modules/release-notes/single-source-release-notes.py

Do we add links to upstream docs? @nickboldt @rm3l

Reviewer: Links to upstream? Yes.

The following docs all refer to github.com/backstage ...

* ./artifacts/rhdh-plugins-reference/ocm/ocm-backend-plugin-readme.adoc 
* ./artifacts/rhdh-plugins-reference/ocm/ocm-common-plugin-readme.adoc 
* ./modules/customizing-the-home-page/proc-customizing-the-home-page-cards.adoc 
* ./modules/dynamic-plugins/ref-example-third-party-plugin-installation.adoc

Reviewer 2: Support team has acked linking to GH repos under the Developer and OpenShift GH orgs. Since the above link is in the Dev GH repo it should be ok @jmagak 
@rm3l in the airgap docs, did we get an ack from the support team to refer to this link - https://github.com/containers/skopeo/blob/main/install.md ?

Reviewer 3: > in the airgap docs, did we get an ack from the support team to refer to this link - [containers/skopeo@main/install.md](https://github.com/containers/skopeo/blob/main/install.md?rgh-link-date=2025-01-23T16%3A05%3A05Z) ?

Not sure about an explicit ack... Checking, but I am confused now, as there are multiple external links for example to the AWS docs ([here](https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_developer_hub/1.4/html/installing_red_hat_developer_hub_on_amazon_elastic_kubernetes_service/proc-rhdh-deploy-eks-operator_title-install-rhdh-eks#installing-the-developer-hub-operator-with-the-olm-framework)), Microsoft docs ([here](https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_developer_hub/1.4/html/installing_red_hat_developer_hub_on_microsoft_azure_kubernetes_service/proc-rhdh-deploy-aks-helm_title-install-rhdh-aks)), GKE docs ([here](https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_developer_hub/1.4/html/installing_red_hat_developer_hub_on_google_kubernetes_engine/proc-rhdh-deploy-gke-operator.adoc_title-install-rhdh-gke#proc-rhdh-deploy-gke-operator.adoc_title-install-rhdh-gke)), with further details on how to install some tools like `aws`, `aks` or `gcloud` tools.

Reviewer 3: @Preeticp I've asked for clarification on #rhdh-support.

Reviewer 4: @rm3l @nickboldt @jmagak @Preeticp even more than a link to a page about what configuration profiles are, what I think would be most helpful for the user is to know what the additional profiles are, why they have been added, and how the user can benefit from the addition. Any reason why we aren't sharing that info?

Reviewer 3: @linfraze I agree with you that adding more details is better than just linking to the upstream doc in general.
But regarding this specific issue, I still think that in the context of our product docs,  https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHIDP-3817 should not be documented in these release notes. The upstream doc details how the operator is generic enough with the different configuration profiles, and can also work with and without OLM. But in the product docs, we should document only what is supported: the RHDH profile and OLM.
So I am not sure it is worth mentioning these configuration profiles in the release notes.
cc @gazarenkov WDYT?

Author: @rm3l I will exclude this from our documentation. Following the conversation with @gazarenkov last week on the same, I will remove this from RHDH 1.4 RNs.

[id="feature-rhidp-4414"]
== Identifying Backstage flavor for plugins by using the `developerHub.flavor` field

With this update, you can use the `developerHub.flavor` field to identify whether plugins are running on {product-very-short}, {rhtap-very-short}, or vanilla Backstage, as shown in the following example:

.`app-config.yaml` fragment with the `developerhub.flavor` field

[source,yaml,subs=&#34;+quotes&#34;]
----
developerHub:
  flavor: &lt;flavor&gt;
----

`flavor`::
Identify the flavor of Backstage that is running. Default value: `rhdh`

[id="feature-rhidp-4419"]
== Ability to manage Persistent Volume Claim (PVCs) in {product-very-short} Operator

You can now mount directories from pre-created PersistentVolumeClaims (PVCs) using the `spec.application.extraFiles.pvcs` field, while configuring RHDH Operator.
For more information, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_developer_hub/{product-version}/html-single/configuring/index#configuring-the-deployment[Configuring {product} deployment when using the Operator].

[id="feature-rhidp-4780"]

> == [Docs] Document per-ConfigMap/Secret configuration of mountPath 

Reviewer: this item is new after regenerating. See https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHIDP-4780 for the weirdly formatted release note text field. cc: @pabel-rh 

Perhaps the `Release Note Status` should be `Rejected` ?

As we already have these: 
* https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_developer_hub/1.4/html/release_notes/new-features#enhancement-rhidp-2200
* https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_developer_hub/1.4/html-single/configuring/index#mounting-additional-files-in-your-custom-configuration-using-rhdh-operator

[source,yaml,subs="+quotes"]
----
developerHub:
  flavor: <flavor>
----

`flavor`::
Identify the flavor of Backstage that is running. Default value: `rhdh`

[id="feature-rhidp-4419"]

> == Ability to manage Persistent Volume Claim (PVCs) in {product-very-short} Operator

Reviewer: release notes are generated using JIRA as the single source of truth. Please apply your changes in https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHIDP-4419 then run this script:

https://github.com/redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh/blob/release-1.4/modules/release-notes/single-source-release-notes.py

You can now mount directories from pre-created PersistentVolumeClaims (PVCs) using the `spec.application.extraFiles.pvcs` field, while configuring RHDH Operator.
For more information, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_developer_hub/{product-version}/html-single/configuring/index#configuring-the-deployment[Configuring {product} deployment when using the Operator].

[id="feature-rhidp-4805"]
== Authenticating with {rhbk-brand-name}

> With this update, you can use {rhbk-brand-name} as an authentication provider. The Keycloak plugin will now support ingesting users and groups with {rhbk-brand-name}. For more details, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_developer_hub/{product-version}/html-single/authentication/index#assembly-authenticating-with-rhbk[Authenticating with {rhbk-brand-name}].

Reviewer: release notes are generated using JIRA as the single source of truth. Please apply your changes in https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHIDP-4805 then run this script:

https://github.com/redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh/blob/release-1.4/modules/release-notes/single-source-release-notes.py

[id="feature-rhidp-4806"]
== Ability to install third-party plugins in RHDH

You can now install third-party plugins in {product} without rebuilding the {product-very-short} application.

> For more information, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_developer_hub/{product-version}/html-single/installing_and_viewing_plugins_in_red_hat_developer_hub/index#assembly-install-third-party-plugins-rhdh[Installing third-party plugins in {product}].

Reviewer: release notes are generated using JIRA as the single source of truth. Please apply your changes in https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHIDP-4806 then run this script:

https://github.com/redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh/blob/release-1.4/modules/release-notes/single-source-release-notes.py

[id="feature-rhidp-4419"]

> == Ability to manage Persistent Volume Claim (PVCs) in RHDH Operator

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
== Ability to manage Persistent Volume Claim (PVCs) in {product-very-short} Operator
```

You can now mount directories from pre-created PersistentVolumeClaims (PVCs) using the `spec.application.extraFiles.pvcs` field, while configuring RHDH Operator.

> For more information, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_developer_hub/{product-version}/html-single/configuring/index#configuring-the-deployment[Configuring {product} deployment when using the operator].

Reviewer 4: All instances of Operator in this context should be capitalized, but the broader issue is that it is not capitalized in the linked doc

Author: @linfraze , I can fix this in another PR; ensuring all instances of Operator are capitalized.

[id="feature-rhidp-4805"]
== Authenticating with {rhbk-brand-name}

> With this update, you can use {rhbk-brand-name} as an authentication provider. The Keycloak plugin will now support ingesting users and groups with {rhbk-brand-name}. For more details, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_developer_hub/{product-version}/html-single/authentication/index#assembly-authenticating-with-rhbk[Authentication with {rhbk-brand-name}].

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
With this update, you can use {rhbk-brand-name} as an authentication provider. The Keycloak plugin will now support ingesting users and groups with {rhbk-brand-name}. For more details, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_developer_hub/{product-version}/html-single/authentication/index#assembly-authenticating-with-rhbk[Authenticating with {rhbk-brand-name}].
```
